The first presentation was by alumni in digital forensics and incident response. Some important things to do to prepare for this position they said were
Joining cyber clubs to network, improve, and become more confident
Learn to tech journal to keep organized and remember things
Do an independent project to look good on a resume and improve your skills

Some skills required to work in this field are
Adapting to technology, since different clients will use different hardware and software, so you need do be able to learn fast
Being very careful with infrastructure because it can easily be broken
Be confident enough to tell someone they are wrong, even if they are your higher up, because a problem in the security is a major concern

Some things they listed as good parts of the job are
The work is fun
You get to help people and make a difference
Always new things going on
Work with new clients and companies often

Some bad parts are
Reading through logs
Ending up with unanswered questions, or uncomfortable information that never gets figured out
When clients don't have helpful infrastructure, such as not having logs



The next presentation was a talk on ai by Shaffick Mohammed. My main takeaway from this presentation was that while ai can be a useful tool, it is not infallible and you should always double check what it says. One example he gave on this was that an ai was asked what to do for a medical patient and it responded that the patient was nearing the end of their life so they should call their family, but the nurse double checked and saw that the problem was actually that their oxygen cord was tangled and was able to save their life. 
He also mentioned stuff about ai in security, and some problems that come with it. One problem is that ai can use old and outdated information, which is bad for security. Another issue is that ai is susceptible to data breaches. Artificial intelligence can also give attackers better tools, the example of which he gave was how ai deepfakes can be used for fake kidnapping scams. 


The next presentation was the Leahy Center Panel with Amy Keigwin, Ryan Gillen and Zoltan Sachs. I did not take notes for this panel as I already have an internship at the Leahy Center and intend to apply for a job there at some point during my time at Champlain


The next presentation was “Shhh…That Policy is Classified!” with Noah Beckman. In the presentation he talked about DAAPM requirements and he experience in government work. Some of his work consisted of checking to make sure all the requirements are met and fixing problems that occur. Since it is so important the system stays secure, major fixes occur even when small security issues arise, one example of which is that if a file was sent to anyone unauthorized they have to reset or replace the entire computer. He also listed some common tools that are important to learn including splunk, nessus, and cisco. He also mentioned how severe inside threats were, saying how there were actually spies from other countries trying to get in to steal information.
